feat: add `some` method to `array/fixed-endian-factory` (#3241)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/fixed-endian-factory/README.md

// returns true
```

> <a name="method-some"></a>

Reviewer: This documentation is inserted in the incorrect spot and also breaks the documentation of `every`. See `array/bool` for an example of `some` docs: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/28db4f2869749f6a6d6f7ae6476bd27f65052e96/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/array/bool#booleanarrayprototypesome-predicate-thisarg-

#### TypedArrayFE.prototype.some( predicate\[, thisArg] )

> Tests whether any element in an array pass a test implemented by a predicate function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests whether at least one element in an array passes a test implemented by a predicate function.
```
